# Homework - Using PHP functions and variables.
In this homework assignment, we will practice using PHP functions and variables.

## Answering questions
For this assignment, you will be committing changes to:  
- Your da-assignments repo

**You CAN use lessons provided by the class as well as google to answer the questions, but all answers must be your own work**  

## Committing
Your commits should always be clear, concise explanations of what is being committed. They should be granular and easy to review.  

## Questions
**Create a branch based off of the master branch using the following convention:**  
** - [Topic]-[Assignment Number]-[Your initials]**  

*For example, for this assignment:*  
Ashraf Abed would create a branch named: ```php-004-aa```

For PHP to work, you must run vagrant up successfully and place your da-assignments folder inside one of your php environments. For example, I would place my da-assignments folder inside the dev-1 folder. To see your PHP being rendered, you would use your browser to visit the url to your php file. For example, to see the PHP output of my php file located at da-assignments/php_assignments/php_002/index.php, I would use my browser to visit dev-1.academyvm.dev/da-assignments/php_assignments/php_002/index.php.

**After each question, visit your assignment's URL to ensure no error message is displayed."

1 - In your own words, define the following:
 - Passing a variable by value:
 - Passing a variable by reference:

2 - Write sample code which creates one a variable of each of the following types:
 - String:
 - Integer:
 - Float:
 - Boolean:
 - Array:
 - NULL:

To answer the questions above, simply create the variable after the colon. For example, for the first question, this is what an answer would look like:
  - String: $note = "Hello There";

3 - In your php_004/index.php file, create a function named greeting. This function should have no parameters (that means nothing inside the parenthesis after the function's name). In this function, use php's `echo` to display a string that says the words "Hello World".
    After you are done creating the function, **call it** so that it can be run. Run this code inside the php_004/index.php file in this folder. Below this line, paste the code you created in your php_004/index.php file for this question:


4 - In your php_004/index.php file, create a function named displayName, that takes no parameters and use php's `echo` to display a string containing your name. Paste the code you created below this line:


## Submitting your assignment
### Step 1
Git add and commit your index.php file along with the file you are reading right now. Push the branch to your fork of the da-assignments repository (e.g. git push `<remote-name>` `branch-name`).

### Step 2
Create a pull request for the branch.
