# Homework - Using strings and concatenation operators.
In this homework assignment, we will use PHP strings and a concatenation operator to print out a sentence.

## Answering questions
For this assignment, you will be committing changes to:  
- Your da-assignments repo

**You CAN use lessons provided by the class as well as google to answer the questions, but all answers must be your own work**  

## Committing
Your commits should always be clear, concise explanations of what is being committed. They should be granular and easy to review.  

## Questions
**Create a branch based off of the master branch using the following convention:**  
** - [Topic]-[Assignment Number]-[Your initials]**  

*For example, for this assignment:*  
Ashraf Abed would create a branch named: ```php-002-aa```  

For PHP to work, you must run vagrant up successfully and place your da-assignments folder inside one of your php environments. For example, I would place my da-assignments folder inside the dev-1 folder. To see your PHP being rendered, you would use your browser to visit the url to your php file. For example, to see the PHP output of my php file located at da-assignments/php_assignments/php_002/index.php, I would use my browser to visit dev-1.academyvm.dev/da-assignments/php_assignments/php_002/index.php.

**After each question, visit your assignment's URL to ensure no error message is displayed."

1 - In your index.php file, create two variables. The first variable should be named $number. Give that variable the value (an "integer") of your favorite number. The second variable should be named $color. Give that variable the value (a "string") of your favorite color. Strings must be wrapped in quotation marks. Integers should not be wrapped in quotation marks.

2 - After that, use the echo function to output a single sentence telling us your favorite color and number. To connect strings with variables, use the "." concatenation operator. Refer to the first php assignment to see how we combined a string with a variable. If you did it properly, the browser should output a sentence similar to "My favorite color is green and my favorite number is 7". The values for color and number will probably be different for you.

3 - What was the output of visiting dev-1.academyvm.dev/da-assignments/php_assignments/php_002/index.php ? Paste your answer below this line:

## Submitting your assignment
### Step 1
Git add and commit your index.php file along with the file you are reading right now. Push the branch to your fork of the proj-themes repository (e.g. git push `<remote-name>` `branch-name`).

### Step 2
Create a pull request for the branch.
